tar kabu aoom is inside Gaza for us it
is 9900 p.m. where you are behind you I
see some light but mostly Darkness talk
to us about how Palestinian families
live after
dark well uh the uh since the the the
early outbreak of the current conflict
uh thousands and hundred thousands of
Palestinian families were forced to
evacuate the houses in order to be safe
from the Israeli ongoing bombardment um
30 to uh uh 30 to 70% of those displaced
people head to the United Nations
Affiliated schools in order to take them
as safe shelters from the Israeli
bombardment at the United Nations said
that uh the number of displaced people
reached around
175,000 uh displaced Palestinian who are
receiving now humanitarian Aid and even
help from the United Nation uh staff in
the United Nations Affiliated school as
well uh in terms of what was happening
inside the Gaza St during the the past
hour the uh the Gaza Strip has been
highly uh bombarded specifically by the
Israeli naval ships uh which was
targeting the coastline of the Gaza
Strip and destroying uh adjacent
buildings to the uh to the coast as well
uh according to the World Health
Organization the death casualties and
the death doll has risen uh in both
sides and in particular inside the Gaza
Strip among the victims of the ongoing
Israeli strikes were around 13
Palestinian health workers who were uh
killed during doing the job in
evacuating victims in this trip as well
in addition eight Palestinian
journalists were killed two others are
still missing uh since the early
outbreak of the uh this current conflict
T thank you very much for that recap I I
do want to ask you again how are
families living right now I mean some
people have no power left some people
have a little bit of power left and it's
not going to last very long how are they
handling
it well well they are living in a very
hot situation and in very severe uh
drastic conditions without electricity
without sufficient even water supply to
uh to do their washing or even to do
their basic uh needs and with the
continu continuation of the borders
shuttering by the Israeli authorities
the condition is also exaa inside the
strip uh the the international uh the
international World Health Organization
had called The International Community
to open a humanitarian Corridor in order
to provide help for Palestinians now due
to the ongoing strikes on different
residential and even public
infrastructure uh the Palestinians are
facing a severe difficulty in terms of
moving and uh reaching an access to
their uh own daily supplies now in terms
of food there is a wide range of
shortage of Food Supplies in the Gaza
Strip that Palestinian are really
suffering from and they even are
delivering demands the International
Community to afford them the necessary
Food Supplies and even to allow the
entry of these humanitarian aids to this
trip as well and in terms of the
electricity the electric condition
inside the Gaza Strip as the only s
power plant has run out of a of the fuel
the uh electric current to the gasa
strip has been suspended to another
further notice until the entry of
further fuel in order to be generated
and provide Garin and to provide more
than 2.3 million Garin with sufficient
uh electricity in order to uh to uh uh
be very able to
live have five days of bombardments on
the Gaza Strip um impaired hamas's
ability to launch rockets into
Israel well uh before uh just 10 minutes
from now a dozens of bres of rockets
were fired towards the Israeli
settlements and retaliation to the
ongoing strikes on the ganza Strip so it
seems that the ability to for Hamas
fighters to launch more Rockets did not
uh really stop and the the level even of
uh launching Rockets is still continues
uh as the Israeli strikes uh remains
hitting and targeting the uh civilians
inside this threat